Tenant removal (Lombiq Technologies: OCORE-96) (#11890)
OrchardCMS/OrchardCore: src/docs/reference/modules/Tenants/README.md

## Video

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/aQAjTG2ma64" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

> ## Tenant Removal

Reviewer: Can we move this before "Video" section, also we can add _By default, this feature is not allowed._ as note to make it clear for everyone

Author: Not sure as the Video is only related to (and at the end of) the previous section `Feature Profiles`.

> also we can add By default, this feature is not allowed

This is commented in the below sample.

    // Whether tenant removal is allowed, false by default.

Reviewer: > Not sure as the Video is only related to (and at the end of) the previous section Feature Profiles.

The video section intend to be in the last, regardless of what's before

Author: Okay, I will move the video section to the end.

> Allows to remove a tenant if it is not yet setup or in the disabled state, by default this feature is not allowed.
> 
> Tenant Removal can be allowed from any configuration source (e.g. appsettings.json) under the `OrchardCore` section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Allows removing a tenant if it is not yet set up or is in the disabled state. By default, this feature is not allowed.

Tenant Removal can be allowed from any configuration source (e.g. `appsettings.json`) under the `OrchardCore` section. See the [../../Core/Configuration/README.md](configuration documentation) for details.
```

If you're using [Auto Setup](../AutoSetup/README.md), you can specify the `FeatureProfile` property for tenants as well; see the Auto Setup documentation for more information.

## Tenant Removal

Allows removing a tenant if it is not yet set up or is in the disabled state. By default, this feature is not allowed.

Tenant Removal can be allowed from any configuration source (e.g. `appsettings.json`) under the `OrchardCore` section. See the [../../Core/Configuration/README.md](configuration documentation) for details.

```json
{
    "OrchardCore_Tenants": {

>       "TenantRemovalAllowed": true // Whether tenant removal is allowed, false by default.

Author: Okay, will commit the suggestion. There are so many places where `Whether` is used without `or not`, will need a separate PR ;)
